Kwitang Content Management System
=================================
Tends to be complete all-in-one Content flow management tools.
from receiving content, to monitore it's impact.

Derived idea from popular wordpress and drupal. We want a balance of that.

License
-------
Copyright (c) 2011, 2012, 2013, Iyan Kushardiansah
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Server Requirements
----------------
* Apache / Nginx with mod_rewrite
* PHP version 5.1.6 or newer
* MySQL or MariaDB (PostgreSQL is possible, please contact developer for support)


Features
--------
* Information Architecture
* Pluggable Content-Type
* Multi-Language Capable
* FrontEnd (themes)
* FrontEnd Live Editor


What's Missing ?
----------------
The underlying system is considerably complete, but we still mising the default FrontEnd.
Web statistc still hidden, because it need some GUI to dislpay the stats.



Development & Documentation
---------------------------
All development is done at https://github.com/kwitang/kwitang/

While documentation is still ongoin, we have API documentation generated by Apigen at http://kwitang.ajiindonesia.or.id/


Support
-------
You can join at mailing list:

kwitang@googlegroups.com
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kwitang

